Add section for new Foreign Key Constraints runtime setting (#7543)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/refguide/modeling/app-explorer/app/app-settings/_index.md

Default: *Yes*

> ### 3.15 Foreign Key Constraints {#database-fkc}

Reviewer: Should we refer to this in https://docs.mendix.com/refguide/data-storage/#fkc?

If this option is enabled, database [foreign key constraints](/refguide/data-storage/#fkc) will be used. An attempt to commit a dangling reference will throw a runtime exception.

{{% alert color="info" %}}

> This option was added in Mendix version 10.10. From Mendix versions 10.6 to 10.9, foreign key constraints are always used. Mendix versions below 10.6 do not use foreign key constraints.

Reviewer: Are my additions here accurate?

Author: No. It really depends on which version the project was originally created. See the reply regarding Defaults.

Reviewer: OK, so we should put it back to this?
```suggestion
This option was added in Mendix version 10.10.
```

Author: I think putting it back is better, indeed.

{{% /alert %}}

> Default: *Yes* (for projects created with Mendix versions 10.6.0 and above)

Reviewer: What happens when upgrading from, say, 9.24 or 10.4 to 10.10? Is there a default set - what will it be?

Author: If it was not created in 10.6 or above, then it is not enabled. That means upgrades should not affect the previous value.

Do you have a suggestion on how to write this without making it verbose and confusing?

Reviewer: Can we just say the following?
```suggestion
Default: *depends on the version of Mendix used to create the app:*

* *Yes* for apps created with Mendix versions 10.6.0 and above
* *No* for apps created with Mendix versions below 10.6
```
I assume that once they get to 10.10 they will be able to turn it on/off independently of which version was used to create the app.

Author: Yes, turning on/off is precisely the point of exposing this setting.
